---
layout: distill
title: Alucone Coating on Zn surfaces
description: Engineering Chemo-Mechanical Properties of Zn Surfaces via Alucone Coating
tags: distill formatting
giscus_comments: false
date: 2023-01-01
featured: true

authors:
  - name: Musanna Galib
    url: "https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=BwQZTTkAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=ao"
    affiliations:
      name: UBC, Vancouver
  - name: Okan K. Orhan
    url: ""
    affiliations:
      name: UBC, Vancouver
  - name: Mauricio Ponga
    url: ""
    affiliations:
      name: UBC, Vancouver

bibliography: papers.bib

# Optionally, you can add a table of contents to your post.
# NOTES:
#   - make sure that TOC names match the actual section names
#     for hyperlinks within the post to work correctly.
#   - we may want to automate TOC generation in the future using
#     jekyll-toc plugin (https://github.com/toshimaru/jekyll-toc).
toc:
  - name: Abstract
  - name: Tweet
    # if a section has subsections, you can add them as follows:
    # subsections:
    #   - name: Example Child Subsection 1
    #   - name: Example Child Subsection 2
  - name: Equations
# Below is an example of injecting additional post-specific styles.
# If you use this post as a template, delete this _styles block.
_styles: >
  .fake-img {
    background: #bbb;
    border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
    box-shadow: 0 0px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);
    margin-bottom: 12px;
  }
  .fake-img p {
    font-family: monospace;
    color: white;
    text-align: left;
    margin: 12px 0;
    text-align: center;
    font-size: 16px;
  }

---
## Abstract
Aqueous zinc (Zn)-ion batteries (AZIB) are promising candidates for the next-generation energy store systems due to their high capacity and low cost. Despite their nominal performance, Zn anodes tend to rapidly develop dendrite and fracture, leading to substantial capacity loss and cycling stability failure. Well-controlled coating using organic–inorganic hybrid molecules is highly promising to substantially improve their chemo-mechanical stability without compromising their performance. We herein present a critical assessment of the chemical and mechanical stability of alucone-coated Zn surfaces using first-principles simulations. Negative adsorption energies indicate strong cohesive strengths between alucone and the selected Zn surfaces. Energetically favorable alucone coatings are further verified by charge transfer at interfaces as seen through Bader charge analysis. Negative surface stress profiles at the alucone-coated interface are mostly responsible for surface reconstruction. The contributions of surface elastic constants are dependent on the selection of slip planes and the thickness of the thin film. By considering plane stress conditions, we calculate the mechanical properties that indicate the ductility of the alucone-coated basal thin film.



## Tweet
An example of displaying a tweet:
{% twitter https://twitter.com/galib_musanna/status/1624818564128710656 %}





## Equations

This theme supports rendering beautiful math in inline and display modes using [MathJax 3](https://www.mathjax.org/) engine.
You just need to surround your math expression with `$$`, like `$$ E = mc^2 $$`.
If you leave it inside a paragraph, it will produce an inline expression, just like $$ E = mc^2 $$.

To use display mode, again surround your expression with `$$` and place it as a separate paragraph.
Here is an example:

$$
\left( \sum_{k=1}^n a_k b_k \right)^2 \leq \left( \sum_{k=1}^n a_k^2 \right) \left( \sum_{k=1}^n b_k^2 \right)
$$

Note that MathJax 3 is [a major re-write of MathJax](https://docs.mathjax.org/en/latest/upgrading/whats-new-3.0.html) that brought a significant improvement to the loading and rendering speed, which is now [on par with KaTeX](http://www.intmath.com/cg5/katex-mathjax-comparison.php).

***

## Citations

Citations are then used in the article body with the `<d-cite>` tag.
The key attribute is a reference to the id provided in the bibliography.
The key attribute can take multiple ids, separated by commas.

The citation is presented inline like this: <d-cite key="doi:10.1021/acs.jpcc.2c06646"></d-cite> (a number that displays more information on hover).
If you have an appendix, a bibliography is automatically created and populated in it.

Distill chose a numerical inline citation style to improve readability of citation dense articles and because many of the benefits of longer citations are obviated by displaying more information on hover.
However, we consider it good style to mention author last names if you discuss something at length and it fits into the flow well — the authors are human and it’s nice for them to have the community associate them with their work.

***

